Add identity key support for PSA attestation (#8188)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/keys/identity_key_generation/README.rst

.. _identity_key_generate:

Identity key generation
#######################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> This sample demonstrates how to generate a random device-specific identity key and store in the Key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates how to generate a random device-specific identity key which is then stored in the Key
```

Author: Fixed!. Also full-line requirements for docs

Management Unit (KMU). The identity key is stored in the KMU in encrypted form using the Hardware
Unique Key (HUK) Master Key Encryption Key (MKEK). The sample also demonstrates how to generate a

> random MKEK and store it in KMU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
random MKEK and store it in the KMU.
```

> random MKEK and store it in KMU.

Reviewer: Now we have two different overview sections in my eyes.

Can you merge everything except the first sentence into the overview below?

Author: Done, with minor alteration where reference to lib_hw_unique_key is moved to requirements

Requirements
************

> The sample supports the following development kits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following development kits are supported:
```

Author: Fixed

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

Overview
********

> The identity key generation sample requires usage of :ref:`lib_hw_unique_key` library to generate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample requires usage of :ref:`lib_hw_unique_key` library to generate
```

Author: Slightly modified version of this moved to "Requirements"-section

the prerequisite MKEK HUK.

The sample performs the following operations:

1. The random hardware unique keys(HUKs) are generated and stored in the KMU

> #. Checks if the identity key written to the KMU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Verifies that the identity key is not written to the KMU
```

Reviewer: Maybe entirely skip mentioning that we are verifying things. This is a sample, not a test.

Author: Sentence skipped!

> #. A random idenity key of type secp256r1 is generated and stored in the KMU
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. A random idenity key of type secp256r1 is generated and stored in the KMU
#. The identity key is verified to be in the KMU

```

Author: Fixed

Configuration
*************

|config|

Building and running
********************

.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/keys/identity_key_generate`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

Testing
=======

|test_sample|

      1. |connect_terminal_specific|
      #. Reset the kit.
      #. Observe the following output:

         .. code-block:: console

             Generating random HUK keys
             Writing the identity key to KMU
             Success!

         If an error occurs, the sample prints a message and raises a kernel panic.

Dependencies

> *************

Reviewer: ```suggestion
************
```

Author: Fixed

> This sample uses the following libraries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following libraries are used:
```

.. _identity_key_generate:

Identity key generation
#######################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

This sample demonstrates how to generate a random device-specific identity using :ref:`lib_identity_key`, which is then stored in the Key Management Unit (KMU).

Requirements
************

The following development kits are supported:

.. table-from-sample-yaml::

The :ref:`lib_hw_unique_key` library is required to generate and store the prerequisite Master Key Encryption Key (MKEK) into KMU.

.. note::

>    Erase only the code pages when programming the device after the required identity key has been provisioned on the device, as ERASEALL removes the identity key from the system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Erase the code pages when programming the device only after the required identity key has been provisioned on the device, as ERASEALL removes the identity key from the system.
```
Right?

Reviewer 3: This is not accurate I think. We want to say here that not everything should be erased, only the code pages need to be erased. As you phrased it it sounds to me more like the " Only after the required identity key has been provisioned on the device, erase the code pages".

What we want to emphasize here is that only the code pages need to be erased. 

How about this:

"After the required identity key has be provisioned on the device only code pages should be erased, as ERASEALL will remove the identity key from the system."

Reviewer 2: I see! :)
Now the sentence makes sense, but the new suggestion is better.
How about tweaking it into this:
"Once the required identity key is provisioned on the device, only the code pages should be erased as ERASEALL removes the identity key from the system.

Overview
********

The identity key is stored in the KMU in encrypted form using the Hardware Unique Key (HUK) Master Key Encryption Key (MKEK).
The sample also demonstrates how to generate a random MKEK and store it in KMU.

The sample performs the following operations:

> 1. The random hardware unique keys(HUKs) are generated and stored in the KMU

Reviewer 2: Add periods (.) at the end of each step.
